chore: Update general-traits error message (#5191)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/HowToFAQ/Errors-Parser.md

There are limitations on refining a datatype, namely that the set of constructors cannot be changed.
It is only allowed to add members to the body of the datatype.

> ## **Error: datatype extending traits is not yet engaged by default; use --general-traits=datatype to engage** {#p_general_traits_datatype}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Error: datatype extending traits is not yet enabled by default; use --general-traits=datatype to enable it** {#p_general_traits_datatype}
```

```dafny
trait Trait { }
datatype D extends Trait = A | B
```

A newtype extending a trait is not generally supported. The option --general-traits=full causes
Dafny to allow them in the input, but is not recommended.

## **Error: newtype extending traits is not fully supported (specifically, compilation of such types is not support); to use them for verification only, use --general-traits=full** {#p_general_traits_full}

```dafny
trait Trait { }
newtype N extends Trait = int
```

Use of traits as non-reference types is supported, but is not yet the default. Until it becomes the

> default, use --general--traits=datatype to engage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default, use --general--traits=datatype to enable it.
```
